c:\users\sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\bin\Debug\paint.exe.config
c:\users\sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\bin\Debug\paint.exe
c:\users\sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\bin\Debug\paint.pdb
c:\users\sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.g.resources
c:\users\sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.exe
c:\users\sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.pdb
C:\Users\Sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\bin\Debug\paint.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\bin\Debug\paint.application
C:\Users\Sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\Sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Sabin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.application
C:\Users\popsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\popsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\popsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\popsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\popsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\popsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.g.resources
C:\Users\popsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\popsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\popsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\popsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\popsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.exe
C:\Users\popsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\paint\paint\obj\Debug\paint.pdb
